"I was rather shocked to hear that Synapse X ™️ is becoming a monthly subscription. I honestly 
didn't believe it when I heard it.I quickly went to my computer and read the truth. I figured 
that this was a considerably large public outrage. I ran to the nearest airport and 
trespassed. I hopped on the nearest flight without paying. I thought that this flight went 
to the United States of America. For context, I am a middle aged man from Uzbekistan. I had 
landed at the Chicago International Airport, in Chicago, Illinois. By this time, the airport 
was closing for the night. I left and went to the nearest area I could think of. This area 
was called Parkway Gardens. It seemed like a pretty nice area, so I slept on the ground inside. 
The next morning I ran to the airport and hopped on a flight to Manhattan, New York. Upon 
taking off, I ran to the cockpit with a box cutter and proceeded to kill both the pilot and 
copilot. Then I started flying towards the World Trade Center. I missed and was grabbed by a 
flight attendant. I tried to use my speed hacks to get away, but I couldn't execute them because 
I had no money for a Synapse X ™️ subscription. I was quickly arrested and brought to the 
New York Federal Prison. I was charged with attempt to hijack an aircraft. I was sentenced 
to 3 months in federal prison. During my sentence, my father had passed away from a spontaneous 
human combustion while attempting to purchase dairy products. I inherited 20$. After my 
sentence, I was deported back to Uzbekistan. I quickly ran to the homeless man near the 
airport and shot him 3 times with my Beretta 9mm pistol. Then, I proceeded to take 29 cents 
from him. I didn't have enough. I ran to my closest corner store. Upon entering, I found a 
woman breastfeeding her 4 month old daughter. I shot her. She didn't have enough money, so I 
shot her mother too. She had 21 cents. I took these and had a total of $20.50. I quickly ran 
home and used this to buy 3 months of my Synapse X ™️ subscription."
